chore: Add a troubleshoot note for the v4 to v3 "upgrade" (#2310)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 301.Troubleshoot/03.Mender-Client/docs.md

    category: docs
---

## `mender-client` package have been kept back

> During the days of `mender-client` v4.0 release, we had a temporary issue and had to downgrade
> the APT repositories packages to version 3.5. A device that installed the software during that
> time will have the `mender-client` package kept back by `apt-get` and won't upgrade by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the days of Mender client v4.0 release, we released the new major version as the default to soon.
This resulted in issues in on certain users and we had to revert the default to v3.5.
Those that ended up with Mender client v.4.0 installed will not be able to update with `apt-get upgrade` because of the way the revert was done in our repositories.
```

Is it something like this?
I struggled to understand:

> A device that installed the software during that time will have the `mender-client` package kept back by `apt-get` and won't upgrade by default.

Would probably say it would have been cleaner if you just wrote it in a more technical way with version epoch and stuff.

Author: My wording on Friday was very poor, sorry. I just pushed Fabio's text, which looks good to me. Please have a second look!

> ## `mender-client` package have been kept back
> 
> During the days of `mender-client` v4.0 release, we had a temporary issue and had to downgrade
> the APT repositories packages to version 3.5. A device that installed the software during that
> time will have the `mender-client` package kept back by `apt-get` and won't upgrade by default.
> 
> To solve the issue either:
> * Do `apt-get install mender-client`
> * Run again the [express installation script](../../10.Downloads/docs.md#Express-installation)
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `mender-client` package has been reverted to the previous version

After releasing the `mender-client` version 4.0.0, we realized a critical issue with the Debian packaging. Therefore, we decided to revert it and mark back the 3.5.2 release as the latest version in the APT repository. If you upgraded the `mender-client` to version 4.0.0 on a device during that time, APT will keep the `mender-client` package to the 4.0.0 version and won't downgrade it to the 3.5.2 version by default.
	
To solve the issue, either:
* Run `apt-get install mender-client`
* Run again the [express installation script(../../10.Downloads/docs.md#Express-installation)

```

Author: Thank you

    category: docs
---

## `mender-client` package have been kept back

<!--AUTOVERSION: "`mender-client` version %"/ignore "mark back the %"/ignore "`mender-client` to version %"/ignore "package to the %"/ignore "% version by default"/ignore "% version by default"/ignore -->

> After releasing the `mender-client` version 4.0.0, we realized a critical issue with the Debian
> packaging. Therefore, we decided to revert it and mark back the 3.5.2 release as the latest version
> in the APT repository. If you upgraded the `mender-client` to version 4.0.0 on a device during that
> time, APT will keep the `mender-client` package to the 4.0.0 version and won't downgrade it to the
> 3.5.2 version by default.
> 
> To solve the issue, either:
> * Run `apt-get install mender-client`
> * Run again the [express installation script(../../10.Downloads/docs.md#Express-installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After releasing the Mender client version 4.0.0, we realized a critical issue with the Debian
packaging. Therefore, we decided to revert it and mark back the 3.5.2 release as the latest version
in the APT repository. If you upgraded the `mender-client` package to version 4.0.0 on a device during that
time, APT will keep the `mender-client` package to the 4.0.0 version and won't downgrade it to the
3.5.2 version by default.

To solve the issue, either:
* Run `apt-get install mender-client`
* Run again the [express installation script(../../10.Downloads/docs.md#Express-installation)
```

This change tries to make a distinction between the Mender client (software running on the device to provide the OTA functionality. Can be one service or 3 doesn't matter) and `mender-client` which is in this case referencing to the debian package name.

Author: Thank you
